hello Jay I loved your video on Tuesday
so much so I'm copying your idea though
it is a bonus that I can justify doing
so because it technically does answer
your question from Tuesday what gets me
through just about anything is usually
that which I am most currently engaged
as you pointed out on Tuesday through
winter it certainly was our frequent
trips to go snowboarding but my need for
an escape does not end with winter I
need it always unfortunately there is
mountain biking and kayaking that
fill-in-the-blanks of the summer months
fairly nicely so by basic extraction I
suppose you could say for me that's what
it's all for because that's an
interesting question what is it all for
lots of people identify with their
profession for example if I were to
describe the guy who I go riding with
and the guy shooting the footage you are
seeing I would say it's my friend Paul
who is an engineer and Paul if you're
watching I hope you take no offense to
that I hope it doesn't bother you that I
didn't describe you as a cyclist or a
snowboarder even though those are your
hobbies of choice but that's where the
question gets interesting in my opinion
because in my opinion especially during
those what am I going to do with my life
days I was trying to think of what I
could do that would allow me enough
means to do the things I really want to
do but now that I'm doing the thing that
provides me the means I'm finding that
it's one of the most rewarding things
that I do sometimes on weekends I wish
my co-workers would just come in for
free not because I'm cheap and want free
labor but because a lot of the time
continuing to develop my business is
genuinely one of my favorite things to
do like it is hanging out to me but then
it wraps around again well I want a
successful business I want it to grow
but why of course I want to be
successful but I don't think it's purely
Sall have the money because what can i
buy with my money that offers me more
enjoyment than building this company I
genuinely don't know I once made a video
where I posed the question can you look
at your income like a score
that's how well you're doing in life I
think it was a question that I didn't
pose very well a question that didn't
get the response the way I wanted it to
but when I asked the question what is it
all for why am i working so hard such
long hours literally blood sweat and
tears to make this something it's the
best answer that comes to mind I want to
be good at this and one of those
indicators happens to be that score so I
asked what is it all for why do you work
so hard if you could skip ten steps
ahead to the moment the moment that you
can say I did it what goal did you
achieve what are you able to do now that
you achieved it Jay this is a question
that literally rattles around my mind
daily I can't wait to see what everybody
thinks what that is everything I've got
for you today Jay I'll see you on
Tuesday